we could usually say young people that we are dealing with marriage or
ix are looking for models are looking for examples and that's why
we believe that god that we are the ones who use it as models or as
examples for them
that maybe what it could be to eat someone is that
the bible does not speak of a call to work with young people
in fact the bible just
speaks of a call
and it is this min in few
of Jesus
or what do we do then and should I fish young or not
Maybe that's the question
massa de quake comes as a result of this
I want to suggest
what to answer the question yes I can or can not serve in the minister with
young boys
I must understand three things and have them there in your manual
first thing that I think I suggest we should understand
I must understand what he means
inability
that sense that comes to me many times that makes me feel
be unable
to do something that God has called me to be
second principle that I think we should understand is percent
the principle or sense that we have to have what
what we are doing is important
this ministry is key for the church
we say
percent
the young are the future of the church
but the reality is that they are the coliseum of the present they are the ones that move the
church and number three
so I'd like to suggest that we have to percent percent understand that
sense that life is punishable
if you see yourself percent
meditating near you and young people
you think
and you say
I do not feel incapable I do not feel capable I know it is important and also
dices
sr I'm willing take two measurable I'm available
I believe that if we understand these things it is very likely that God will go
to use in a year
great way in the youth ministry in attitude should that sir
I can not I understand my disabilities I think it's important
But here I am
here is my life I want you that I like you
for your glory title
there is a responsibility is that I think we should understand that for that we are going to go
for the second timoteo says well
your place my son
strive in the grace that is in Jesus Christ
what has come from militants many witnesses
this commends aom parade he is that they are apt to teach also to others
my receipt 3
you can suffer hardships like a good soldier of Jesus Christ
Persian 4 none that militates entangled in the business of life in order to
please whom
who took it for a soldier
and also the one who fought as an athlete is not crowned but struggles legitimately
developer
to participate in the fruits
to work
and I think that this passage was given by timoteo a pastor who was young
the principles with the person responsible for these appointments of someone who will be working
in
the context the church for the ministry
the first one we find there in the voice verse
he says what he assumed of me before many witnesses this entrusts aon brees
give this to you that you have learned savings
Become a disciple I adore I think yes the first one and I know what
he underpinned his values
is the first papero the first responsible that we have is is the
responsible has declined circular aol cross everything told the mayor suffers
I do not know how they are not only economically but emotionally
percent only compass art one day the church listening to the problems that
they have young people today
It's enough
I can not anymore I'm so tired of hearing so many problems spread the
responsible for juvenile series and the word god tells us we're going to suffer
the third responsibility I think we find there in verse 5 and
also the one who fights like athletes is not crowned but struggles
rightfully
in three we have already given three and circulate
suffer to fight and ended with the last month and because we are going to read witnesses from
process
labrador parás participate in the fruits dv